Jim it's you
Today,
Today is the day that I will never let go of you
I've wasted so much time already
There were a lot of doubts in the past
There were a lot of moments we failed to cherish
Because we cower,
we are afraid
But today, not anymore
[The vaccination roll out is successful]
[with the initiative of the business community]
[and the Vice President herself Miriam Salumbides,]
[at the same time the decrease of
Covid-19 cases in the country.]
[The public is less worried
but many are still careful.]
[The World Health Organization reminds
the public to remain]
[vigilant even if the country has slowly
returned to normal, and]
[more lenient safety protocols
are being implemented.]
Hey!
Are you okay?
Don’t sleep there or Sir Rica will see you
Your break is over
How about you, is your shift done?
Yes…
and I have a date
With who?
Hi, Flo
You’re just in time
Where do you want to go?
Kid!
Excuse me?
Hey…
are you closing shift today?
What about our appointment later?
I already asked for permission
But, to whom can I hitch?
I’m trying to save money
Send a message to Olan
I don’t have social media, remember?
Then send a text instead
So, date?
Calm down
She’s going to be my girlfriend,
trust me
Okay, alright…
I’ll trust your words
Hey Jim, I allowed you to take tomorrow off,
but you have to render overtime later
We have a visitor coming
Yes ma’am
[Today, I will do something that
I should have done before.]
[I'm doing this for you.]
[I was asking you to be unselfish.]
[But, I din't have the time to self-check.]
[I am the one who also need to be selfless.]
You always watch that,
that’s why you get more depressed
[Because, I didn't take risk like you did.]
Six months…
I will never get tired,
until we meet again
[So, I am sorry.]
You know what, to help you move on,
I'll introduce you to one of my friends
He's cute
[and no lies.]
Hello?
So, son, when will you give up?
I'm telling you, nothing will Happen to your---
Wooh
You really have a terrible back story, haven’t you?
Look at me,
just a college dropout, no future
Simple. Right?
Hello!
Yo! Jim!
-Hey Bogs!
-Hey!
What’s up?
Still here
Hey, let’s go!
Come inside
Here you go. Thank you
Aren’t you Jimson Alcantara?
Can we take a picture?
I’m still at work
It’s not allowed
Alright, thank you
Snotty, that’s why he’s cancelled
Go ahead, Jim
Take a break for 5 minutes
Thank you
What’s up?
Bro, I asked for an update
from my friend from Quezon Province,
sadly, there’s nothing new yet
You know guys, if he’s gone,
we won’t be able to find him anymore
Don’t be negative sister,
you’re removing hope for him
I’m not removing his hope
Jim, you should know when it’s time to hold on
or when it’s time to let go
Stop that, Francia
Let’s just help him
We’re friends with Ben anyway,
we should at least have care for him
Bogs, I’m just being brutally honest
Everything is messed up since the beginning
You guys always believe in fairy tales
You know what, some good things
will really come to an end
no matter how good they were
Enough of that sister,
your words are not helping
But it’s the truth
But it’s not the right time to say it
Be sensitive sometimes
Don’t be agitated all the time,
we’re not your antagonists here
Hey, Dante. I thought you got a date with her?
Nothing, I’m just teasing him
Date..
So anyway,
Bogs, Francia, see you tonight?
I’m sorry, I can’t
I have early work tomorrow
Skipping work means salary deduction
I have rent to pay
As usual, he can’t join again
Good thing you’re joining us sister
I can’t too, sister
We will be early tomorrow
You know, there’s still a lot of congressmen
who are still against SOGIE Equality Bill
Bye, girl
Bye, sis
Let’s go guys
Don’t worry…
Olan confirmed they’re joining us
I thought we are doing this to move on from him,
but it seems like,
we are getting reminded of him more
Yes, young boy?
Huh?
No,
I’m not following you
I’m just waiting for a cab here
Don’t be assuming
So, it’s me who’s assuming now huh
The next time we see each other, I’d be politically correct,
but no longer a politician’s son
Hello, Babe?
Okay
Yes, I’m about to close the store
Wait
Sir
Sir, we are closed already
Aren’t you the one who went viral?
You confessed your love to someone,
how are you now?
Sir, just call me if you need anything else
Pathetic